---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome"
date:   2019-02-24 19:34:00 -0700
author: Gernene
categories: blog
permalink: /:categories/:title
img: blog/2019-02-24-welcome.png
desc: A brief introduction to The Tangerine Peel and what inspired me to pursue computer science and design.
---

I opened my first blog in elementary school. I liked pink a little too much. But more importantly, I was a kind of obsessed with Animal Jam. I was so obsessed that I started maintaining an online list of all the stuffed animals you could collect within the game.

The result? A pink flower WordPress Animal Jam blog featuring baddly cropped screenshots. <span class="tiny">I can see you cringing. O.o</span>

It's funny to think how much and, at the same time, how little has changed since. I don't usually run around a fantasy jungle pretending to be a seal anymore. But apparently, running around a fantasy jungle pretending to be a seal was what made me who I am today.

*Wait, what?*

Let me explain.

Playing the games made by others was what motivated me to create my own. After poking around gaming forums, I stumbled across the open-source script that would help me build my very first website - a text-based virtual pet game. To say I was terrible at first would be an understatement. However, my lack of experience forced me to grow.

As I continued to learn throughout my years at school, I became more certain of what I enjoyed and was good at: art, writing, and programming. I built numerous websites, tacky meta fan games, and attempted rewriting the same novel at least... three times?

Not all my hobbies, ideas, or pursuits seemed related or even relavant at first. However, I began to realize that sometimes, it was the little spontaneous adventures that really made a difference.

As of late, there have been numerous topics concerning digital design/development that have piqued my interest - and when I have interest, I write. I might not always know what to discuss or how to do so, but expressing my ideas in writing has always helped clear my mind. If my first pink flower fan game blog helped bring me here today, we shall see where this one leads me tomorrow.
